What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    .git directory is created in the repository.
    Initializing a repository, it becomes a git repository. So I can use git on
     it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    A file that is not committed to the repository yet is put into the stating
     area from the working directory.
    I think it makes a commit segmentalized.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    Even I changed several logics before commiting, I can add only one logic to
     the staging area and commit it so that it is possible to have one commit
     per logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    When adding some experimental features or localizing.
    Since branches are like projects different each other, a change to a branch
     doesn't affect the others commit histories. So we can manage the commit
     histories more cleaner.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    The diagrams show relations between commits and, branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    Comparing two branches with their common parent commit, removed contents
     from thw parent commit is not present in the merged commit, and added
     contents to the parent commit is present in the merged commit. Of course
     unchanged contents are included.
    The merged branch is from several branches. So that has multiple parents
     as the same number of branches merged.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    automatically:
        pros: convenient
        cons: even unwanted changes may also be included

    manually:
        pros: can select only changes that I want to include
        cons: inconvenient
